Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy for the “Red Parrot” mobile application created by the MaxDan developers (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) applies to the information that the Developers can receive from the user's device while using the mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the Application).
We value the privacy of the people who use the app and therefore have created this Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. Your privacy is important to us and we take it seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback about this.

By using our app or any related services, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

Your data:
We do not collect any personal information from users, such as email address, date or time of birth, age, name, phone number, address, etc. If we do manage to obtain any personal information, including including emails or phone numbers received as a result of support requests or other correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information will never be shared with others. Any such personal information will be retained for the purpose of resolving support requests and for future reference if you need support again. We can delete emails at any time upon your request.

Data for advertising purposes:
The data below is collected automatically by advertising providers (excluding EU users) and analytics providers.
Your IP address and / or computer identifiers for mobile devices (such as your device ID, advertisement ID, MAC address and IMEI)
device information such as device and operating system name, browser type and language.
Coarse location data (country or city specific)
Demographic data (for example, to determine the approximate location of your IP address)
Data for advertising and analytical purposes so that we can continue to improve our applications
The collected data is used to deliver personalized ads based on your location and jurisdiction. The data is used to track the content you access in connection with the apps, and to deliver, target and improve ads.
On most devices, you can restrict ad targeting in your device settings. Check your device's user manual for instructions on how to turn off ad tracking. In any case, you can contact the advertising providers listed below and ask them to delete your data, if they have it, by opting out.
We use the following ad providers in our application:
Google AdMob: Personal Data Collected: Unique Device IDs for Advertising. For example, Google Advertiser ID or Apple ID for advertising.
Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Disclaimer: https://www.google.com/settings/ads

Cookie:
We do not set cookies on your device. The third party ad or analytics providers mentioned above may set cookies. You can delete your data from them using the provided opt-out links.

Age restrictions:
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information, send or target interest-based advertising to individuals under the age of 13, and do not knowingly allow such individuals to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send us any information about yourself, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. No one under the age of 13 can provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data as soon as possible. If you think we may have any information about or about a child under 13, please contact us.
We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under the age of 13. If a parent / guardian learns that a child under the age of 13 has tried to contact us and / or do business with us, please let us know by email at maxdan.development@gmail.com so that we can remedy the situation.
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
Developers have the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy.

Contact us:
Questions and suggestions All suggestions or questions regarding this Policy should be reported to the User Support Service - maxdan.development@gmail.com.
